Bucheon, what are you doing here?
Mom, I secretly sent someone to arrest the maid of the Zhang family and interrogate her
That's how I got your message.
Sorry I'm late.
Are you all right?
I don't mind.
Take me back to find Xiaojie
Even if I die, I want to be with Xiaojie
Never be apart again
Mom, don't worry
I have a way to help you prove it. Go
What? That bitch ran away?
Oh, dear!
Let me explain.
He escaped while I was in the latrine
We've been looking for this for days.
There's no sign of him here
I would have killed him long ago for a moment of regret
You have to hug him and cause trouble for me
Hurry up and find it for me
If he comes back and talks nonsense in front of his wife
Make madam believe
What to do, don't think about it better for anyone
These two beasts
Success is not enough, failure requires life
The old lady is not good, not good
What's up?
Madam, his investment failed and he owed a lot of debt
Now the creditors are out there
He also said that our Zhang family is about to go bankrupt
Pardon me?